This lesson we're gonna do a quick C assess update on the start screen to make it more effective and
look a little bit better as right now it's kind of in line there and it's pushing down where the road
is so it doesn't look the best.
So if we use a position absolute we can float it above the road again using a background color so we
need to wait to kind of stand out so we'll make it red.
I'm going to update the width to be 50 percent so that's dynamic there.
So that way when I do a margin or a left position I can use 25 percent left.
And also we can set a top so we can set a default top of 100 a color for the font so that two white
and we're going to also need to use z index to make sure that it's actually going to show up on top
of the road.
So let's see what that looks like.
And now when we hit start and we generated again.
So now it's just popping up on top and this looks quite a bit more effective and much better.
You can also update the font family if you wanted to as well.
So if you would do something a little bit more interesting so try that one more time.
It stands out a little bit more as well.
Press here to start and arrow keys to move if you hit a red car you will lose.
So we need to update that because we updated the color.
So if you hit another car you will lose.
So this was just a quick lesson to fine tune it.
And of course you can style it and color it and update it as needed.
I'm also going to decrease the size of the fonts so do a one point seven.
And also so that we can do a line height.
So this will affect where the positioning of the Linus and adjust it slightly.
So make it thirty five.
I'm trying to move the numbers more centered on top of the car.
And as you can see that's a little bit more centered.
We can move them down slightly as well to maybe 38.
So now we've got the numbers showing up on top of the car and that's actually where we wanted to.
So a few minor adjustments have some fun with that play around with the C assess to make a game look
fantastic.
So coming up next we're going to do the code review.